[Music]
you
it's
[Music]
sorry
you're easy
[Music]
so basically what we're going to do is
we're going to place the eyelashes where
we want them and map out a pattern of
what we're going to work with
the eyelash and glue the eyelash glue it
to the base for eyelash
just like that
the glue dries almost instantly
on summer we're going to be using AC
curl and we're gonna be using some beat
curls so we're gonna be running them all
the way from a shorter lash from 1/8 all
the way out to a 13 on the end we're
working on more of a flared look or a
cat eye look so we're gonna keep them
shorter all the way through and so we
get out to the outside edge of the eye
so today we're going to be using an 8 9
a 10 11 and a 13 eyelashes do come in
different sizes different curl patterns
different lengths to get the different
effects that you want
[Music]
oK we've been working on summers
eyelashes for about an hour now we are
almost finished with her bite
[Music]
okay so we're finishing up the left eye
we're going through individually one by
one I'm working with a size ten and a
c-curl making sure that we're filling in
all the spaces but she doesn't have any
gaps when you finished and we shouldn't
be not too far away for being finished
at this point when I get done with this
part here we'll be going back through
the outside putting our little flares on
the outside so she flares out
completed our second I she's got about a
hundred and fifty lashes her eye that we
applied a couple hours
we will be able to play the danube from
mascara which is console of
[Music]
seven
yes
[Music]
they say
be fine
see
if you change your mind